Background Image

Rishabh Mathur

Rishabh Mathur 
 He/Him
CFA Level II Candidate | Ex-CIBC,Scotiabank |Double Major in Economics and Statistics, Minor in Data Sciences @ UBC
Canada  Contact info
500+ connections
Open to

Add profile section

Enhance profile

Resources
Open to work
Financial Analyst, Equity Analyst, Equity Research Analyst, Equity Trader and Institutional Equity Sales roles

Show details

Edit
AnalyticsAnalytics
 Private to you Private to you

222 profile views
222 profile views
Discover who's viewed your profile.Discover who's viewed your profile.
1,860 post impressions
1,860 post impressions
Check out who's engaging with your posts.Check out who's engaging with your posts.
Past 7 daysPast 7 days
47 search appearances
47 search appearances
See how often you appear in search results.See how often you appear in search results.
Show all analytics
AboutAbout
rish05@student.ubc.ca.rish05@student.ubc.ca.
ActivityActivity
1,035 followers1,035 followers

Create a post

Posts

Comments

Images
Loaded 9 Posts posts
View Rishabh Mathur’s  graphic link
Rishabh MathurRishabh Mathur
   • YouVerified • You
CFA Level II Candidate | Ex-CIBC,Scotiabank |Double Major in Economics and Statistics, Minor in Data Sciences @ UBCCFA Level II Candidate | Ex-CIBC,Scotiabank |Double Major in Economics and Statistics, Minor in Data Sciences @ UBC
1d •  1 day ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

This time of the year always feels a little different for everyone. Things slow down just enough to create space to pause and think about what comes next. It is when we naturally start taking stock of what worked, what didn’t, and how we want to move into the year ahead.

For me, 2025 was less about ticking boxes and more about understanding my growth journey. Spending the summer in Toronto with CIBC played a significant role in that. It wasn’t just the work that stood out, but the culture and collaborative environment. I felt at ease asking questions, learning through experience, and engaging in meaningful conversations, which helped me grow in multiple ways within a short span of time. Participating in the CIBC Run for the Cure, including the campaign and shoot, further reinforced that culture is reflected in taking action and contributing back to society. 

Special thanks to Darryl D'Mello, Aneel Syed, Priyanka Jadhav, CPA, CA, Shaz Rashid, CPA, Elizabeth Santos-Sousa, CPA and Zhiqin Wang, for their mentorship, openness, and willingness to invest time in my learning, which made the summer a genuinely rewarding experience.

Back at UBC, my coursework challenged me to rethink how I approach data more broadly. Instead of focusing on one-off predictions, I began thinking more about how data behaves over time, how trends and volatility evolve, and how regression and time-series models can be used to study patterns and changes. Courses in Statistical Inference, Advanced Econometrics, Stochastic Processes, and Time Series Analysis shaped how I think about data-driven decision across a variety of industries, especially targeting the markets. Passing the CFA Level I this year helped connect that analytical foundation to real-world business and investment settings.

Outside of academics and work, I made a conscious effort this year to try things that were new to me. I’m currently involved in the L’Oréal Brandstorm Case Competition with Umang Ajmera and Sara Li, which has been a great opportunity to think creatively, experiment, and learn by doing. Beyond that, I picked up sailing, spent more time hiking, and biked whenever I could. Changing up my routines and hobbies helped me learn more about what I enjoy by simply staying open to new experiences.

If I were to summarize this year in one thought, it would be that while progress is important, direction is even more crucial. 2025 gave me the space to slow down and ask better questions about what I enjoy, how I learn, and where I want to head.

As we approach 2026, I carry forward the lessons learned, a sense of gratitude, and renewed intention. Wishing everyone a restful end to the year and a positive, energizing start to the next!
…more
Activate to view larger image,
No alternative text description for this image
1/4
Activate to view larger image,
likecelebratelove
69
15 comments




View Rishabh Mathur’s  graphic link
Rishabh MathurRishabh Mathur
   • YouVerified • You
CFA Level II Candidate | Ex-CIBC,Scotiabank |Double Major in Economics and Statistics, Minor in Data Sciences @ UBCCFA Level II Candidate | Ex-CIBC,Scotiabank |Double Major in Economics and Statistics, Minor in Data Sciences @ UBC
11mo • Edited •  11 months ago • Edited • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

Happy to share that I have passed the CFA level 1 exam above the 90th percentile. 🏅📊

This milestone represents a significant step forward in deepening my understanding of financial analysis and investment principles. Special shout-out to Kaplan for filling in the gaps in my learning. I’m excited to apply these insights and concepts to real-world challenges!

hashtag#CFALEVEL1 hashtag#CFA CFA Institute
…more
Activate to view larger image,
graphical user interface, text, application, email
Activate to view larger image,
likecelebratelove
186
98 comments

like




Show all posts
ExperienceExperience

CIBC logo
Summer Analyst - Internal Audit (Wealth Management & Data Analytics)
Summer Analyst - Internal Audit (Wealth Management & Data Analytics)
CIBC · InternshipCIBC · Internship
May 2025 - Aug 2025 · 4 mosMay 2025 to Aug 2025 · 4 mos
Toronto, Ontario, CanadaToronto, Ontario, Canada
Spark Program Candidate - Exceptional Students accelerated program

● Analyzed application access rights for 1,200+ employees across CIBC Imperial Service using Excel (VLOOKUP, Macros), PowerBI and IA Hub to ensure role-based and application access alignment; identified and reported residual access issues for 100+ transferred employees, strengthening compliance controls. 
● Tested 20+ samples of Non-CIBC Product Exceptions within the scope period to validate approvals against policy, and reviewed 2+ new product launches to confirm adherence to governance processes (e.g., investment questionnaires, documented minutes) using Excel, Pivot Tables, and CIBCAI.
● Developed 5 to 10-page structured prompts in CIBCAI to automate repetitive control testing, reducing manual workload and generating an estimated 300+ annual audit hours in efficiency gains.Spark Program Candidate - Exceptional Students accelerated program ● Analyzed application access rights for 1,200+ employees across CIBC Imperial Service using Excel (VLOOKUP, Macros), PowerBI and IA Hub to ensure role-based and application access alignment; identified and reported residual access issues for 100+ transferred employees, strengthening compliance controls. ● Tested 20+ samples of Non-CIBC Product Exceptions within the scope period to validate approvals against policy, and reviewed 2+ new product launches to confirm adherence to governance processes (e.g., investment questionnaires, documented minutes) using Excel, Pivot Tables, and CIBCAI. ● Developed 5 to 10-page structured prompts in CIBCAI to automate repetitive control testing, reducing manual workload and generating an estimated 300+ annual audit hours in efficiency gains.…see more
Scotia Wealth Management logo
Fall Analyst - Private Banking
Fall Analyst - Private Banking
Scotia Wealth Management · Co-opScotia Wealth Management · Co-op
Sep 2024 - Dec 2024 · 4 mosSep 2024 to Dec 2024 · 4 mos
Vancouver · On-siteVancouver · On-site
● Analyzed and undertook financial transactions for High-Net-Worth (HNW) clients and businesses while also conducting online loan advancements, mortgage payments and FX transfers on a daily basis to facilitate premium service banking.
● Assisted in the due diligence process by analyzing financial statements, market trends, and key performance indicators of client-bases to support onboarding recommendations; played an active role in the credit adjudication process by calculating NAVs against which loans can be provided.
● Ensured compliance with KYC and AML regulations by verifying customer identities, conducting risk assessments, and monitoring transactions to prevent financial fraud and money laundering.● Analyzed and undertook financial transactions for High-Net-Worth (HNW) clients and businesses while also conducting online loan advancements, mortgage payments and FX transfers on a daily basis to facilitate premium service banking. ● Assisted in the due diligence process by analyzing financial statements, market trends, and key performance indicators of client-bases to support onboarding recommendations; played an active role in the credit adjudication process by calculating NAVs against which loans can be provided. ● Ensured compliance with KYC and AML regulations by verifying customer identities, conducting risk assessments, and monitoring transactions to prevent financial fraud and money laundering.…see more
Scotia Wealth Management logo
Winter Analyst - Wealth Management 
Winter Analyst - Wealth Management 
Scotia Wealth ManagementScotia Wealth Management
Jan 2024 - Apr 2024 · 4 mosJan 2024 to Apr 2024 · 4 mos
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-siteVancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-site
Shaughnessy Golf & Country Club logo
Backshop Team Staff
Backshop Team Staff
Shaughnessy Golf & Country Club · Contract Part-timeShaughnessy Golf & Country Club · Contract Part-time
Mar 2023 - Aug 2023 · 6 mosMar 2023 to Aug 2023 · 6 mos
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-siteVancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-site
Communication
Vancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society (VSEUS) logo
Events Director
Events Director
Vancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society (VSEUS) · Contract Part-timeVancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society (VSEUS) · Contract Part-time
Aug 2022 - May 2023 · 10 mosAug 2022 to May 2023 · 10 mos
Vancouver, British Columbia, CanadaVancouver, British Columbia, Canada
● Planned and executed over 5 events for undergraduate, graduate and PHD students in the field of Economics, Finance, and Accountancy. 
● Led lectures on personal finance and portfolio management for 40+ students during the term. 
● Served as an ambassador for VSEUS, representing the organization at 10+ conferences and gatherings, while also contributing valuable insights and making meaningful connections within the community.
● Fostered a collaborating environment. Ensured task distribution, speaker arrangement and catering were accomplished smoothly.● Planned and executed over 5 events for undergraduate, graduate and PHD students in the field of Economics, Finance, and Accountancy. ● Led lectures on personal finance and portfolio management for 40+ students during the term. ● Served as an ambassador for VSEUS, representing the organization at 10+ conferences and gatherings, while also contributing valuable insights and making meaningful connections within the community. ● Fostered a collaborating environment. Ensured task distribution, speaker arrangement and catering were accomplished smoothly.…see more
Show all 9 experiences
EducationEducation
The University of British Columbia logo
The University of British Columbia
The University of British Columbia
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Combined Majors in Economics and StatisticsBachelor of Arts - BA, Combined Majors in Economics and Statistics
Jan 2021 - May 2026Jan 2021 - May 2026
Grade: 3.75 GPAGrade: 3.75 GPA
Activities and societies: -Vancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society
-UBC Finance Club
- UBC Product Management 
-UBC Real Estate Club
-UBC WargamersActivities and societies: -Vancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society -UBC Finance Club - UBC Product Management -UBC Real Estate Club -UBC Wargamers…see more
Financial Modeling
Delhi Private School, Sharjah
Delhi Private School, Sharjah
Delhi Private School, Sharjah
High School DiplomaHigh School Diploma
Apr 2007 - May 2021Apr 2007 - May 2021
Grade: 97.6%Grade: 97.6%
Activities and societies: - Vice Head Boy [Grade 12]
- Health and Mind Club Co-FounderActivities and societies: - Vice Head Boy [Grade 12] - Health and Mind Club Co-Founder
High School Subjects - Business, Economics, Accountancy, Mathematics, English, Arabic.High School Subjects - Business, Economics, Accountancy, Mathematics, English, Arabic.

Class XII Marksheet.pdfClass XII Marksheet.pdf
Licenses & certificationsLicenses & certifications
CFA Institute logo
CFA Program Level 1
CFA Program Level 1
CFA InstituteCFA Institute
Issued Jan 2025Issued Jan 2025
Credential ID 200703447Credential ID 200703447
Show credential
Finance, Investment Management and +1 skill
Bloomberg logo
Bloomberg Market Concepts 
Bloomberg Market Concepts 
BloombergBloomberg
Issued Jan 2022Issued Jan 2022
Show all 3 licenses & certifications
ProjectsProjects
UBC Finance Portfolio Management Competition
UBC Finance Portfolio Management Competition
Mar 2024 - Apr 2024Mar 2024 - Apr 2024
Created a portfolio to achieve the highest Sharpe ratio within the given investment horizon of 1 month. Aimed for an aggressive portfolio with higher weightage towards financials, gold, and energy at the time. Placed 5th position at the end of the competition.Created a portfolio to achieve the highest Sharpe ratio within the given investment horizon of 1 month. Aimed for an aggressive portfolio with higher weightage towards financials, gold, and energy at the time. Placed 5th position at the end of the competition.…see more
National Investment Banking Competition
National Investment Banking Competition
Dec 2023 - Jan 2024Dec 2023 - Jan 2024
Analyzed financial data and conducted valuations on Diageo PLC by utilizing skills in financial modeling and market research to create a strategic business plan. This included conducting a Discounted Cash Flow Analysis, Comps Analysis and Precedent Analysis.Analyzed financial data and conducted valuations on Diageo PLC by utilizing skills in financial modeling and market research to create a strategic business plan. This included conducting a Discounted Cash Flow Analysis, Comps Analysis and Precedent Analysis.…see more
Financial Modeling
Show all 5 projects
VolunteeringVolunteering
Co-Founder
Co-Founder
Co-Founder
Health and Mind ClubHealth and Mind Club
Sep 2018 - Mar 2021 · 2 yrs 7 mosSep 2018 - Mar 2021 · 2 yrs 7 mos
HealthHealth
- Managed/took part in short films, events, talks and plays.
-Wrote/Edited 50+ articles and poems.
- Held one-on-one conversations periodically with those needing counselling with a licensed counsellor .- Managed/took part in short films, events, talks and plays. -Wrote/Edited 50+ articles and poems. - Held one-on-one conversations periodically with those needing counselling with a licensed counsellor .…see more
Emirates Environmental Group logo
Member
Member
Emirates Environmental GroupEmirates Environmental Group
-Recycled over 10 tons of paper for various initiatives each year.
-Set up recycle bins and encouraged all students to throw all waste paper in these bins.
-Saved over 20 trees and planted 10 trees collectively each year.-Recycled over 10 tons of paper for various initiatives each year. -Set up recycle bins and encouraged all students to throw all waste paper in these bins. -Saved over 20 trees and planted 10 trees collectively each year.…see more
Show all 3 volunteer experiences
SkillsSkills
Finance
Finance
Company logo
CFA Program Level 1CFA Program Level 1
Investment Management
Investment Management
Company logo
CFA Program Level 1CFA Program Level 1
Show all 12 skills
