CIBC logo
Summer Analyst - Internal Audit (Wealth Management & Data Analytics)
Summer Analyst - Internal Audit (Wealth Management & Data Analytics)
CIBC · InternshipCIBC · Internship
May 2025 - Aug 2025 · 4 mosMay 2025 to Aug 2025 · 4 mos
Toronto, Ontario, CanadaToronto, Ontario, Canada
Spark Program Candidate - Exceptional Students accelerated program

● Analyzed application access rights for 1,200+ employees across CIBC Imperial Service using Excel (VLOOKUP, Macros), PowerBI and IA Hub to ensure role-based and application access alignment; identified and reported residual access issues for 100+ transferred employees, strengthening compliance controls. 
● Tested 20+ samples of Non-CIBC Product Exceptions within the scope period to validate approvals against policy, and reviewed 2+ new product launches to confirm adherence to governance processes (e.g., investment questionnaires, documented minutes) using Excel, Pivot Tables, and CIBCAI.
● Developed 5 to 10-page structured prompts in CIBCAI to automate repetitive control testing, reducing manual workload and generating an estimated 300+ annual audit hours in efficiency gains.
Spark Program Candidate - Exceptional Students accelerated program ● Analyzed application access rights for 1,200+ employees across CIBC Imperial Service using Excel (VLOOKUP, Macros), PowerBI and IA Hub to ensure role-based and application access alignment; identified and reported residual access issues for 100+ transferred employees, strengthening compliance controls. ● Tested 20+ samples of Non-CIBC Product Exceptions within the scope period to validate approvals against policy, and reviewed 2+ new product launches to confirm adherence to governance processes (e.g., investment questionnaires, documented minutes) using Excel, Pivot Tables, and CIBCAI. ● Developed 5 to 10-page structured prompts in CIBCAI to automate repetitive control testing, reducing manual workload and generating an estimated 300+ annual audit hours in efficiency gains.
Scotia Wealth Management logo
Fall Analyst - Private Banking
Fall Analyst - Private Banking
Scotia Wealth Management · Co-opScotia Wealth Management · Co-op
Sep 2024 - Dec 2024 · 4 mosSep 2024 to Dec 2024 · 4 mos
Vancouver · On-siteVancouver · On-site
● Analyzed and undertook financial transactions for High-Net-Worth (HNW) clients and businesses while also conducting online loan advancements, mortgage payments and FX transfers on a daily basis to facilitate premium service banking.
● Assisted in the due diligence process by analyzing financial statements, market trends, and key performance indicators of client-bases to support onboarding recommendations; played an active role in the credit adjudication process by calculating NAVs against which loans can be provided.
● Ensured compliance with KYC and AML regulations by verifying customer identities, conducting risk assessments, and monitoring transactions to prevent financial fraud and money laundering.
● Analyzed and undertook financial transactions for High-Net-Worth (HNW) clients and businesses while also conducting online loan advancements, mortgage payments and FX transfers on a daily basis to facilitate premium service banking. ● Assisted in the due diligence process by analyzing financial statements, market trends, and key performance indicators of client-bases to support onboarding recommendations; played an active role in the credit adjudication process by calculating NAVs against which loans can be provided. ● Ensured compliance with KYC and AML regulations by verifying customer identities, conducting risk assessments, and monitoring transactions to prevent financial fraud and money laundering.
Scotia Wealth Management logo
Winter Analyst - Wealth Management 
Winter Analyst - Wealth Management 
Scotia Wealth ManagementScotia Wealth Management
Jan 2024 - Apr 2024 · 4 mosJan 2024 to Apr 2024 · 4 mos
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-siteVancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-site
Shaughnessy Golf & Country Club logo
Backshop Team Staff
Backshop Team Staff
Shaughnessy Golf & Country Club · Contract Part-timeShaughnessy Golf & Country Club · Contract Part-time
Mar 2023 - Aug 2023 · 6 mosMar 2023 to Aug 2023 · 6 mos
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-siteVancouver, British Columbia, Canada · On-site
Skills: Communication
Skills: Communication
Vancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society (VSEUS) logo
Events Director
Events Director
Vancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society (VSEUS) · Contract Part-timeVancouver School of Economics Undergraduate Society (VSEUS) · Contract Part-time
Aug 2022 - May 2023 · 10 mosAug 2022 to May 2023 · 10 mos
Vancouver, British Columbia, CanadaVancouver, British Columbia, Canada
● Planned and executed over 5 events for undergraduate, graduate and PHD students in the field of Economics, Finance, and Accountancy. 
● Led lectures on personal finance and portfolio management for 40+ students during the term. 
● Served as an ambassador for VSEUS, representing the organization at 10+ conferences and gatherings, while also contributing valuable insights and making meaningful connections within the community.
● Fostered a collaborating environment. Ensured task distribution, speaker arrangement and catering were accomplished smoothly.
● Planned and executed over 5 events for undergraduate, graduate and PHD students in the field of Economics, Finance, and Accountancy. ● Led lectures on personal finance and portfolio management for 40+ students during the term. ● Served as an ambassador for VSEUS, representing the organization at 10+ conferences and gatherings, while also contributing valuable insights and making meaningful connections within the community. ● Fostered a collaborating environment. Ensured task distribution, speaker arrangement and catering were accomplished smoothly.
The University of British Columbia logo
Residence Advisor
Residence Advisor
The University of British Columbia · Permanent Part-timeThe University of British Columbia · Permanent Part-time
Aug 2022 - Apr 2023 · 9 mosAug 2022 to Apr 2023 · 9 mos
Vancouver, British Columbia, CanadaVancouver, British Columbia, Canada
● Supported UBC first-year students by building individual connections, contributing to the success of personal wellness and social relationships of 50+ students. 
● Executed community-building events with thoughtful programming to share campus resources to 100+ students.
● Supported UBC first-year students by building individual connections, contributing to the success of personal wellness and social relationships of 50+ students. ● Executed community-building events with thoughtful programming to share campus resources to 100+ students.
Credit Suisse logo
Summer Analyst - Private Banking
Summer Analyst - Private Banking
Credit Suisse · InternshipCredit Suisse · Internship
Jul 2022 - Aug 2022 · 2 mosJul 2022 to Aug 2022 · 2 mos
Dubai, United Arab EmiratesDubai, United Arab Emirates
● Rotational Program focused on displaying all aspects of private banking - Relationship Management, Investment Advisory, AML, and Compliance.
● Actively contributed to the execution of financial transactions, conducting market research, and assisting in the development of investment strategies while gaining valuable insights into the world of global finance.
● Improved proficiency in financial modeling and portfolio management to optimize investment strategies and drive financial decision-making. 
● Attended client meetings and had in-depth discussions on Equities, Fixed Income, Mutual Funds, Structured Products and Derivatives throughout the course of the internship.
● Rotational Program focused on displaying all aspects of private banking - Relationship Management, Investment Advisory, AML, and Compliance. ● Actively contributed to the execution of financial transactions, conducting market research, and assisting in the development of investment strategies while gaining valuable insights into the world of global finance. ● Improved proficiency in financial modeling and portfolio management to optimize investment strategies and drive financial decision-making. ● Attended client meetings and had in-depth discussions on Equities, Fixed Income, Mutual Funds, Structured Products and Derivatives throughout the course of the internship.
Skills: Financial Modeling
Skills: Financial Modeling
Dubai Technology Entrepreneur Campus - Dtec logo
Summer Analyst - Sales
Summer Analyst - Sales
Dubai Technology Entrepreneur Campus - Dtec · InternshipDubai Technology Entrepreneur Campus - Dtec · Internship
May 2022 - Jun 2022 · 2 mosMay 2022 to Jun 2022 · 2 mos
Dubai Dubai 
● Managed daily inquiries related to setup procedures and company renewal, enhancing client satisfaction through a streamlined process.
● Conducted comprehensive credit analysis for startup financing, encompassing risk assessments and in-depth industry analysis to facilitate informed lending decisions. 
● Collaborated with the sales team to identify and pursue new business opportunities, assisting in expanding the client base and increasing revenue.
● Managed daily inquiries related to setup procedures and company renewal, enhancing client satisfaction through a streamlined process. ● Conducted comprehensive credit analysis for startup financing, encompassing risk assessments and in-depth industry analysis to facilitate informed lending decisions. ● Collaborated with the sales team to identify and pursue new business opportunities, assisting in expanding the client base and increasing revenue.
Union Square House Real Estate Broker LLC logo
Summer Analyst 
Summer Analyst 
Union Square House Real Estate Broker LLC · InternshipUnion Square House Real Estate Broker LLC · Internship
Aug 2019 - Aug 2019 · 1 moAug 2019 to Aug 2019 · 1 mo
Dubai, United Arab EmiratesDubai, United Arab Emirates
● Conducted in-depth analysis of raw client data to extract actionable insights.
● Developed and presented effective sales enhancement strategies for property units.
● Conducted in-depth analysis of raw client data to extract actionable insights. ● Developed and presented effective sales enhancement strategies for property units.
Skills: Financial Statement Analysis
Skills: Financial Statement Analysis

USHRE Certificate.pdf